# Regis Whaley's portfolio for the Specialist, DPT position

This repository contains a few files that demonstrate my data skills for the Specialist, DPT position. There are two data files -- one CSV and one Excel spreadsheet -- containing some food insecurity data obtained from the U.S. Census Bureau. There are two data visualization files -- one Excel spreadsheet and one Power BI file -- that clean and visualize the data. These data and visualizations were pulled specifically for this portfolio. I have plenty of work examples that demonstrate my capacity for using Excel and Power BI, but I wanted to ensure that I provided you with some samples that were connected to a publicly available data source (in this case, data I have in this GitHub repository) so that the data source wasn't an issue as you viewed the files.

I have also included in this repository a SQL query for pulling data from Ceres. This was a query I shared with the FANO sourcing team a couple years ago to assist them with future analyses they might do with other food banks who might not have had the technical capacity to be able to pull the data in the manner necessary for the sourcing team's assessment. You will notice that there are some parameter descriptions wrapped in {{ double curly braces }}. This was done to make the query was easy to customize to each food bank's ERP.

Finally, this repository contains an Excel-based service desk. This project demonstrates advanced Excel skills (dashboard, Visual Basic for Applications coding, user forms), understanding and application of relational database structure, and translation of business rules and processes into a usable product (i.e., creating a service desk for handling and reporting on service requests).

You can download all these files using the ZIP file linked [here](https://github.com/mrrawhaley/FANO_DPT_Specialist/raw/main/Regis%20Whaley%20-%20Specialist%2C%20DPT.zip).
